Feature - Add Issue/PR Templates (#5136)
GCTC-NTGC/gc-digital-talent: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/✏️-documentation.md

---
name: "✏️ Documentation"
about: Updates or addition to the documentation
title: "✏️ Documentation"
labels: documentation
assignees: ''
---

## ✏️ Documentation

> Describe the update/addition that you are proposing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the update/addition that you are proposing.
```

## 🕵️ Details

Add any additional details that could assist with the implementation of the new documentation.

## 🙋‍♀️ Proposed Copy

> (optional) Do you have any copy you'd like to propose?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(optional) Do you have any copy that you would like to propose?
```
